now then mayor beat me before but it's
time for the ultimate challenge I'm
gonna there are so you ready in your
trade Hariri let's get em first are you
in a good mood or a bad mood
make it thank for that so we're all
do an apple dessert yeah the perfect
dessert to follow pork yes Janet now the
most important thing about this
challenge okay
the winning dessert it's gonna be served
in the rest of the Civic straight after
main question that's a bit of pressure
right jelly what you doing surprise miss
do you think the diners are gonna want
to pay for a baked apple it's so simple
I've gone to Harrods and bull meets mate
as it got suet in there it's got this
what sure ours pulsating in those gyms
again pastry exactly thank you because
I'm making a rice pudding apple tart
pastry the gas filling the rice pudding
filling that should set very nicely and
the apples are going to go on top just
sort of lightly fried in a little bit of
butter with a bit of sugar slightly
caramelized potatoes ladling in the
harrods mincemeat it's not exactly
where's the body that much meets me
isn't it my ass two sizes bigger is it's
a small mole it's amazing though I tried
to shut her up I've never managed in the
last two months have a go will
you please yeah so whilst yous doing a
rice pudding
top with apples
doing a baked apple I don't keep it
really simple to do in a pinch are just
a very simple apple tart but I'm using
all the trimming therefore to make a
little bit of a puree a little bit of
cinnamon and then a fresh vanilla seed
open up scrape out the seeds and we'll
put that on the base of the tart and
then apple slice really thin it's sort
of wafer thin and then gonna go all the
way around the tart you're slicing yours
fake Hugh yes one layer of medium
thickly sliced apples over the top of
the rice pudding this is so lovely it's
comforting come on I'm going to serve it
with ice cream and when you serve this
at your exquisite dinner parties at home
to all your friends yes yeah
they enjoy it do it come around my house
for dinner so I've rinsed the the
pudding rice I've blanched it and rinsed
it and I'm just gonna cook it but I said
it bake it in the oven I'm gonna cook it
in a sauce pan with it a little knob of
butter and a splash of whole milk so
just a little bit like cooking a risotto
well mine's ready to go in the oven
what sorry laughs we've just started got
you've got to hear because I'm cooking
something in the real world
I feel like cooking after you cut the
other two courses the way I see it this
is really kind of a final between Janet
and myself
Oh beat me before can you your hand
you I just can't believe you finished
already but there you go yeah all
to do Bob take out the jars to get an
apple and bake the thing sorry